The comparison display uses a horizontal bar chart to let
you analyze relative performance for selected metrics.
Let's see how you can use this display in the source medium report.
In this report, you can analyze the performance of
your traffic by source, like for example,
a search engine like Google and medium the category of the traffic,
organic, cost-per-click or referral.
We're looking at the summary metric group in the performance display,
and you see sessions and bounces.
You can see that Google Organic drove the most traffic to the site for this day range,
and the percentage of bounces for this source medium is high.
This is useful information but not particularly insightful.
You need to know more to really evaluate performance.
So, let's switch to the comparison display.
Looking at sessions and bounce rate,
you can now see the bounce rate compared to the site average.
Values in red and to the right are performing worse than average.
Values in green and to the left are performing better than average.
In row four, traffic referred from mail.googleplex.com is much better than average.
But keep in mind, we're looking at bounce rate here.
So, the negative 69.95 is positive.
It looks like traffic from the referral medium is
performing best in terms of the bounce rate metric.
Maybe we need to look at landing pages for
other traffic sources and mediums to see why our visitors are bouncing.
You can learn more about your traffic by adding
a secondary dimension like device category or CD.
You could also explore other metrics using the comparison display.
Understanding this report display and how it works will help you research and answer
specific questions and find data that is actionable and useful.